Update users-organizations-and-integrations-guide.adoc (#10170)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/permissions-authentication/pages/users-organizations-and-integrations-guide.adoc

A GitHub organization can only be connected via CircleCI GitHub App to a single CircleCI organization.

> If you attempt to connect your CircleCI organization to a GitHub organization that already has the CircleCI GitHub App installed, you will be redirected to the GitHub App installation page (e.g. `https://github.com/organizations/your-org-name/settings/installations/1234567`). You will not be redirected back to CircleCI. This can be confusing because GitHub will show a successful installation. But, this successful installation refers to the existing connection to a different CircleCI organization, not the one you just tried to create. You can confirm this by checking the "installed at" date at the top of the page. Unfortunately, GitHub doesn't indicate which CircleCI organization is already connected, so if you need help identifying the existing connection, you can submit a request link:https://forms.gle/dvcXN8ArByXqNNbJ7[by filling out this form].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you attempt to connect your CircleCI organization to a GitHub organization that already has the CircleCI GitHub App installed, you will be redirected to the GitHub App installation page (for example, pass:[https://github.com/organizations/your-org-name/settings/installations/1234567]). You will not be redirected back to CircleCI. This can be confusing because GitHub will show a successful installation. But, this successful installation refers to the existing connection to a different CircleCI organization, not the one you just tried to create. You can confirm this by checking the "installed at" date at the top of the page. Unfortunately, GitHub doesn't indicate which CircleCI organization is already connected, so if you need help identifying the existing connection, you can submit a request link:https://forms.gle/dvcXN8ArByXqNNbJ7[by filling out this form].
```
